.TH spanner\-build 1 2014\-11\-25
.SH NAME
.B
spanner-build
 \-  spanner build [uri] [plans]... <options>

Build git repos from bob-plans

.SH SYNOPSIS
spanner build [uri] [plans]... <option>

.SH DESCRIPTION

Spanner build command builds git repos into conary packages from bob plans using a wms control site. Spanner uses a config directory (projects) populated with build plans for all the packages it intends to build. This directory is located in a git repo for version control and branching. 

Git information is located using WMS. WMS keeps track of the important information from git repos in a rest interface. As well as creating a forest of git repos using a control.yaml file containing all pertaining repos in the control git repo.

Spanner leverages the WMS REST interface to find all related git information. In build mode spanner reads WMS control file for revisions, checks out the plans from the control repo, reads the config files, and creates a list of packages to build. The tool then iterates through the list and checks the git commit version and compares it to the version of the package in the corresponding conary repo. If the commit and the version do not match spanner passes the package off to bob the builder to be built. 

When the group switch is specified spanner uses the versions of the packages from the build run to create a conary group on the conary label in the group.conf file. 

When the includeExternal value is set to True in group.conf spanner will include external packages not built by spanner with build plans located in the external directory.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B \-\-branch=BRANCH
Specifies the branch to build. Defaults to master if not supplied
ie: \-\-branch master

.TP
.B \-\-cfgfile=CFGFILE
Specifies a specific spannerrc. Defaults to none using internal hard coded config. Not required in most instances.
ie: \-\-cfgfile ~/spannerrc
.TP
.B \-\-debug\-logging
Toggles debug log level on. Defaults to off (quiet) if not supplied. Provides useful output when run in jenkins.

.TP
.B \-\-dry\-run
Toggles test mode on. Defaults to off. Used on initial runs to test outputs. usually paired with \-\-debug\-logging

.TP
.B \-\-group
Toggles group build on. Defaults to off. When on spanner will create a group at the end of the build run. The contents of which include all packages in projects and oprionally the packages specified in external directories. Uses a special config file
.B group.conf
in the config directory.

SEE ALSO

\fIspanner-group\fP(1)

.TP
.B \-\-products
Toggles products build on. Defaults to off. Builds the plans in the products directory. Used for packages or group builds that require pkgs in projects to be built before building.

.TP
.B \-\-quiet
Toggles silent mode. Defaults to off. Deprecated.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
    spanner help <subcommand>

    spanner build http://wheresmystuff.unx.sas.com/api/repos/scc/build-tools --branch master --group --debug-logging

.SH SEEALSO
 spanner help <subcommand> 
.PD 0
.TP
\fIspanner\fP(1)
.TP
\fIspanner-group\fP(1)
.PD

.SH BUGS
 file issues or bugs
.UR
https://opensource.sas.com/its
 
.SH AUTHORS
.B
 spanner
was written by SAS
.UR
http://www.sas.com/
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
 Copyright (c)
.B
SAS Institute Inc.
 
