.TH SPANNER "1" "Nov 2014" "spanner 0.2.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
spanner \- loop for bob
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
 spanner
<command> <options>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B spanner 
is a python program that leverages wms and git to enable continuous integration builds. Spanner automates building packages from multiple git repos into conary packages as well as building conary groups after build runs.

Spanner requires a WMS control repo with a directory of bob-plans. The bob-plans directory must contain specific directories. 
.PP
Project/
    ├── control.yaml # Contains a list of git repos to add to your forest
    ├── bob-plans
       ├── config # Config files for bob.
       ├── external # Packages built outside spanner on conary label
       ├── products # Conary Groups
       └── projects # Conary Pkgs built by spanner

spanner also requires a wms url.

    ie:   http://wheresmystuff.unx.sas.com/api/repos/gerrit-pdt/tools:build-tools
.PP
.B
Common Commands
.TP
build
Build all packages that have changed in the git forest.
.TP
plan
Make a set of bob plan templates for a git forest.
.TP
config
Show spanner config
.PP

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
    spanner help <subcommand> 

    spanner build http://wheresmystuff.unx.sas.com/api/repos/gerrit-pdt/tools:build-tools --branch master --group --debug-logging

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B \-\-branch=BRANCH
Specifies the branch to build. Defaults to master if not supplied
ie: \-\-branch master

.TP
.B \-\-cfgfile=CFGFILE
Specifies a specific spannerrc. Defaults to none using internal hard coded config. Not required in most instances.
ie: \-\-cfgfile ~/spannerrc
.TP
.B \-\-debug\-logging
Toggles debug log level on. Defaults to off (quiet) if not supplied. Provides useful output when run in jenkins.

.TP
.B \-\-dry\-run
Toggles test mode on. Defaults to off. Used on initial runs to test outputs. usually paired with \-\-debug\-logging

.TP
.B \-\-group
Toggles group build on. Defaults to off. When on spanner will create a group at the end of the build run. The contents of which include all packages in projects and optionally the packages specified in external directories. Uses a special config file 
.B group.conf
in the config directory. 

SEE ALSO 

\fIspanner-group\fP(1)

.TP
.B \-\-products
Toggles products build on. Defaults to off. Builds the plans in the products directory. Used for packages or group builds that require pkgs in projects to be built before building.


.TP
.B \-\-quiet
Toggles silent mode. Defaults to off. Deprecated.


.SH SEEALSO

.PD 0
.TP
\fIspanner-build\fP(1)
.TP
\fIspanner-plan\fP(1)
.TP
\fIspanner-config\fP(1)
.TP
\fIspanner-group\fP(1)
.PD

.SH BUGS
 file issues or bugs
.UR
https://opensource.sas.com/its
 
.SH AUTHORS
.B
 spanner
was written by SAS
.UR
http://www.sas.com/
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
 Copyright (c)
.B
SAS Institute Inc.
 
